1348946529
AccountController	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/account_controller.rb	class AccountController 
AccountControllerTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/functional/account_controller_test.rb	class AccountControllerTest 
AccountHelper	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/helpers/account_helper.rb	module AccountHelper
AccountHelperTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/helpers/account_helper_test.rb	class AccountHelperTest 
Add	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120929064034_add.rb	class Add 
AddBooks	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120925061903_add_books.rb	class AddBooks 
AddContentTypeAndDataToUsers	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120929064224_add_content_type_and_data_to_users.rb	class AddContentTypeAndDataToUsers 
AddDiscountPriceToBooks	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120925063134_add_discount_price_to_books.rb	class AddDiscountPriceToBooks 
AddOrderIdToLineItem	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928210645_add_order_id_to_line_item.rb	class AddOrderIdToLineItem 
AddQuantityToLineItems	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928191610_add_quantity_to_line_items.rb	class AddQuantityToLineItems 
Application	C:/Sites/bookshelf/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Book	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/book.rb	class Book 
BookTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/book_test.rb	class BookTest 
BooksController	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	class BooksController 
BooksControllerTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	class BooksControllerTest 
BooksHelper	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/helpers/books_helper.rb	module BooksHelper
BooksHelperTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/helpers/books_helper_test.rb	class BooksHelperTest 
Bookshelf	C:/Sites/bookshelf/config/application.rb	module Bookshelf
BrowsingTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Cart	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/cart.rb	class Cart 
CartTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/cart_test.rb	class CartTest 
CartsController	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	class CartsController 
CartsControllerTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/functional/carts_controller_test.rb	class CartsControllerTest 
CartsHelper	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/helpers/carts_helper.rb	module CartsHelper
CartsHelperTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/helpers/carts_helper_test.rb	class CartsHelperTest 
CreateBooks	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120925060749_create_books.rb	class CreateBooks 
CreateCarts	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928072406_create_carts.rb	class CreateCarts 
CreateLineItems	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928072511_create_line_items.rb	class CreateLineItems 
CreateOrders	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928210337_create_orders.rb	class CreateOrders 
CreateUsers	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120926053529_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
LineItem	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/line_item.rb	class LineItem 
LineItemTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/line_item_test.rb	class LineItemTest 
LineItemsController	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	class LineItemsController 
LineItemsControllerTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/functional/line_items_controller_test.rb	class LineItemsControllerTest 
LineItemsHelper	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/helpers/line_items_helper.rb	module LineItemsHelper
LineItemsHelperTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/helpers/line_items_helper_test.rb	class LineItemsHelperTest 
Order	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/order.rb	class Order 
OrderTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/order_test.rb	class OrderTest 
OrdersController	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	class OrdersController 
OrdersControllerTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/functional/orders_controller_test.rb	class OrdersControllerTest 
OrdersHelper	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/helpers/orders_helper.rb	module OrdersHelper
OrdersHelperTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/helpers/orders_helper_test.rb	class OrdersHelperTest 
PAYMENT_TYPES	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/order.rb	  PAYMENT_TYPES =
StoreController	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/store_controller.rb	class StoreController 
StoreControllerTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/functional/store_controller_test.rb	class StoreControllerTest 
StoreHelper	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/helpers/store_helper.rb	module StoreHelper
StoreHelperTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/helpers/store_helper_test.rb	class StoreHelperTest 
TestCase	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserStoriesTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/integration/user_stories_test.rb	class UserStoriesTest 
UserTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
add_book	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/cart.rb	  def add_book 
add_line_items_from_cart	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/order.rb	  def add_line_items_from_cart(cart)
authenticate	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/user.rb	  def self.authenticate(name, password)
authorize	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def authorize
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120925060749_create_books.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120925063134_add_discount_price_to_books.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120926053529_create_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928072511_create_line_items.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928072406_create_carts.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928191610_add_quantity_to_line_items.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928210337_create_orders.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120928210645_add_order_id_to_line_item.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120929064224_add_content_type_and_data_to_users.rb	  def change
create	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def create 
create	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/account_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_cart	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_cart
destroy	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/account_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120925061903_add_books.rb	  def down
down	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120929064034_add.rb	  def down
edit	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def edit
encrypt_password	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/user.rb	  def self.encrypt_password(name,password,salt)
generate_salt	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/user.rb	  def generate_salt
index	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	   def index
index	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/store_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
new	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/account_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
password	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/user.rb	  def password
password=	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/user.rb	  def password=(password)
picture	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def picture
setup	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/cart_test.rb	    def setup
show	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def show
test_book_attributes_presence	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/book_test.rb	  def test_book_attributes_presence 
test_book_price	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/book_test.rb	  def test_book_price
test_book_unique_title	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/book_test.rb	  def test_book_unique_title
test_buy_a_book	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/integration/user_stories_test.rb	  def test_buy_a_book
test_cart_add_duplicate_book	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_cart_add_duplicate_book
test_cart_add_unique_books	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_cart_add_unique_books
test_homepage	C:/Sites/bookshelf/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
total_price	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/line_item.rb	  def total_price
total_price	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/cart.rb	  def total_price
up	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120925061903_add_books.rb	  def up
up	C:/Sites/bookshelf/db/migrate/20120929064034_add.rb	  def up
update	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def update
uploaded_picture=	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/user.rb	  def uploaded_picture=(picture_field)
valid_discount_price?	C:/Sites/bookshelf/app/models/book.rb	  def valid_discount_price?
